# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 51ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 49ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 48ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 50ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 52ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 55ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 43ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 35ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 89ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 93ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 32ms]
    create-module-model 32ms
    [gap of 31ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 108ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 112ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 62ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 64ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 19ms
    [gap of 42ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 73ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 58ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 61ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 44ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 46ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 58ms

