# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 12ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    [gap of 43ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 99ms
  [gap of 15ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 115ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 47ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 57ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 42ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 25ms]
    create-X86_64-model 16ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 95ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 110ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 70ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 82ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 52ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 58ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 68ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 80ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 60ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 72ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 54ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 65ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 70ms
  [gap of 14ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 85ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 56ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 68ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 58ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 67ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 65ms
  [gap of 16ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 81ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 50ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 63ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 67ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 57ms
  [gap of 11ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 68ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 51ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 61ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 50ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 60ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 61ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 62ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 75ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 35ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 69ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 82ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 52ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 62ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    [gap of 53ms]
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 11ms
    [gap of 11ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 75ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 86ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 24ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 79ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 91ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 66ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 78ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 67ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 77ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 91ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 13ms
    [gap of 34ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 26ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 84ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 96ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 58ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 69ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 10ms
    [gap of 27ms]
    create-module-model 11ms
    [gap of 27ms]
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 75ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 87ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 62ms
  [gap of 12ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 74ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 55ms
  [gap of 10ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 66ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 63ms
  [gap of 13ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 76ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 50ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 59ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model 15ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 15ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 12ms
    create-X86-model 12ms
    create-X86_64-model 11ms
    create-module-model 17ms
    [gap of 10ms]
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 11ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 10ms
    create-X86-model 11ms
    create-X86_64-model 12ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 153ms
  [gap of 24ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 177ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model
    create-module-model
      [gap of 24ms]
      create-cmake-model 20ms
      [gap of 12ms]
    create-module-model completed in 56ms
    [gap of 12ms]
    create-variant-model 30ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 42ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 43ms
    create-X86-model 44ms
    create-X86_64-model 43ms
    create-module-model
      [gap of 19ms]
      create-cmake-model 25ms
    create-module-model completed in 53ms
    create-variant-model 28ms
    create-ARMEABI_V7A-model 68ms
    create-ARM64_V8A-model 43ms
    create-X86-model 59ms
    create-X86_64-model 36ms
  create-initial-cxx-model completed in 590ms
  [gap of 105ms]
create_cxx_tasks completed in 697ms

